Gwenevere Abriel: Saw your message I'm everything. Okay, what's your phone.
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah Zoom's working my Internet's working. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, we got a good. We've got good audio good visual, can you hear and see me okay yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me open up a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's this week been like for you.
Kelli Ottnat: This week's been good.
Kelli Ottnat: It's
Kelli Ottnat: It's been
Kelli Ottnat: It's been really good just taking it slow and
Kelli Ottnat: God is so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah, I really don't have much to say. I mean, there's been a lot going on but
Kelli Ottnat: But everything is
Kelli Ottnat: I'm just seeing the process of everything.
Kelli Ottnat: And
Kelli Ottnat: really grateful. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you can be grateful and it can be hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: And can be sad and it can be exciting. You can be in gratitude and fear at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which should walk me through what images. You see that are in process and you're grateful for it. And I know you're in your faith and I see that
Gwenevere Abriel: A human being.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what are you seeing that's in process that's getting getting the intensity of the feelings.
Kelli Ottnat: Just
Kelli Ottnat: I guess lately I'm just, I'm
Kelli Ottnat: Presently, I'm, I'm really just taking a step back in
Kelli Ottnat: And seeing everything and and I'm
Kelli Ottnat: Just seeing how whenever I'm still in quiet. I can
Kelli Ottnat: Notice
Kelli Ottnat: Everything that God's put into my life and
Kelli Ottnat: How healing here.
Kelli Ottnat: I'm really just at a point that I, I just want to
Kelli Ottnat: Be still and be quiet and just going to take everything in
Gwenevere Abriel: It's interesting you you still and quiet because I've only seen you still and quiet. Like, I've only ever seen that my one other version is that review.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, where are you right now.
Kelli Ottnat: Right now I am
Kelli Ottnat: I'm just so grateful.
Gwenevere Abriel: To what for what
Kelli Ottnat: For
Kelli Ottnat: Just for God's love.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it shows up how
Kelli Ottnat: It shows up.
Kelli Ottnat: shows up everywhere, it shows up.
Kelli Ottnat: I'm with I'm with Scott right now it is as sisters
Kelli Ottnat: This place. Kind of reminds me of where my life really bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Kelli Ottnat: And well, when it was good. You know, when it was good and and then
Kelli Ottnat: And then went bad from this, from this point.
Kelli Ottnat: I feel like
Kelli Ottnat: Guys kind of put me here with all these reminders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reminders doing for you. What, what are they doing for you.
Just
Kelli Ottnat: Healing and reminding me that
Kelli Ottnat: reminded me that I am loved
Okay.
Kelli Ottnat: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a color of a wall. Is it the way the sister in law spoke to you, is it what what are all the signs that are saying see
Kelli Ottnat: It's the, the sound of the water. The river running. It's the
Kelli Ottnat: It's the home then
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Kelli Ottnat: The same floor plan.
Kelli Ottnat: The ceiling tiles.
Gwenevere Abriel: You things for good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they went bad. Now, I don't know, those stories you have them vividly in your mind, but I don't know what they are. It would probably be helpful for me to understand things for good. I remembered and I knew, and I was aware of, I'm loved and then something. My bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: What caused that bad.
Kelli Ottnat: This was just the point that I
Kelli Ottnat: Was able to really
Kelli Ottnat: branch off.
Kelli Ottnat: And I guess from
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're saying
Well,
Kelli Ottnat: Kind of, you know, I started
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah, I wasn't really under my dad's we give me more.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were becoming independent more independent you are spending more time with your peers. Tell me what you're feeling let's let's stay with the moment. What's going on right now. What is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Done missing. Dad, what is that
Kelli Ottnat: He's been my saving grace really
Okay.
Kelli Ottnat: I do feel
Kelli Ottnat: Some pressure to
Kelli Ottnat: To leave him.
Kelli Ottnat: And
Kelli Ottnat: Kind of let him do what he wants to do and have me do what I need to do for for my kiddos.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a conflict, doesn't it.
Kelli Ottnat: I'm at peace with that it's gonna it's gonna hurt.
Kelli Ottnat: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you doing this alone. Are you talking with him. Scott, I'm in a conflict. You saved me. I'm so grateful and I need to do what I need to do for my kiddos. I'm in conflict. I don't know how to have both. Are you talking with him, are you doing this all alone inside
Kelli Ottnat: Or we don't talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hear yourself saying it to me. So what we should have a witness
Kelli Ottnat: You just so so key on exactly how I've been feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought so.
Gwenevere Abriel: They both love right they're both gratitude and
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't quite see how how this path.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're both on it on this, this direction you want to go how how Scott can join and
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah, there's, there's no way of of thinking about the next step. It's and I'm really having to just
Kelli Ottnat: Live in the moment and as each thing happens just
Kelli Ottnat: Be myself and
Kelli Ottnat: And do what comes next.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's that been going are you liking the outcome. Does it turn out when you pay attention to intuition. Okay, I'll handle this minute this minute went well I handle that with grace, here's the next one. Oh boy. That's a hard one. And now I'm doing this. Are you liking the outcome.
Kelli Ottnat: I am
Kelli Ottnat: It's, I feel like I'm I'm able to
Kelli Ottnat: To really grow and and be in my feelings and be okay with them, you know, I'm I am okay with him. I don't have to make myself be okay i'm i'm just okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I get to see more of those feelings were normally write a second time I've gotten to actually see you in them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you're feeling and you're surviving and
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not turning into a puddle, and you're you're you're moving through those feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're human. You're going to have feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we have to grieve.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we love deeply, it means
Gwenevere Abriel: The loss is massive. But we love. Anyway, we got to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the deal. That's the deal. You're going to feel them both and we do it anyway. That's the mess of being human.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're in it because you cannot you love and are grateful to Scott and yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be away from him. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a little curious about the option to not talk with them. What gets in the way of being able to share what you're sharing here or what I had guessed how come you don't get to talk about that.
Kelli Ottnat: Um,
Kelli Ottnat: You think I'm good at being evasive or
Kelli Ottnat: I learned from him.
Kelli Ottnat: So,
Kelli Ottnat: He's
Kelli Ottnat: He's just
Kelli Ottnat: He's so smart and
Kelli Ottnat: Here.
Kelli Ottnat: I don't know my answers my questions don't get answered. So I've just kind of quit asking questions.
Kelli Ottnat: And I've learned to
Kelli Ottnat: I've learned that it's probably better that way, not
Kelli Ottnat: Not to ask so many questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do sort of observational investigation. Then when you left and went to Louisiana. Did you go without him.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened when you came back.
Kelli Ottnat: Um, when I came back, everything was
Kelli Ottnat: The way it was when I left.
Gwenevere Abriel: He didn't say a word. Just oh you been gone for a month.
Kelli Ottnat: He was, he was happy to see me, he, he will come to me you know he was
Kelli Ottnat: told me how much
Kelli Ottnat: Our puppies miss me and
Gwenevere Abriel: He he messed up. So transferred it to the puppies.
Kelli Ottnat: He did tell me he missed me
Gwenevere Abriel: There was no anger. He were you talking with him over the phone while you're in Louisiana.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about it. I feel pressure to leave him.
Kelli Ottnat: I just, I feel like as much good as he's done me
Kelli Ottnat: Like his son is with us right now and
Kelli Ottnat: It's been kind of messy.
Kelli Ottnat: And he's one, you know, we
Kelli Ottnat: His brother in law ended up having a heart attack yesterday.
Kelli Ottnat: Were living on their property.
Kelli Ottnat: And things just got out, it really out of hand.
Kelli Ottnat: And that was part of the stress for his heart attack. So he's he's asking his son to leave and go back to Texas.
Kelli Ottnat: And I'm just wondering if
Kelli Ottnat: Well, I asked him, I said, Scott. If I was out of the way, could you help Levi.
Kelli Ottnat: Anymore. You know, if I wasn't here.
Kelli Ottnat: He told me know that he wanted. You wanted us you know he wants to leave it leave
Kelli Ottnat: But I'm just sitting back and observing and
Kelli Ottnat: Trying to figure out if that's if that's really true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's interesting. So you did ask a direct question. You got an answer, but then you don't believe it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it safe to assume that Levi, you've mentioned someone before I think it was him this young man may have a substance abuse issue going on some acting out behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically with substance use, as you've seen this population. Maybe note in yourself for someone you know we lie we cheat. We steal to the people we love how you take advantage of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when we're in active addiction was he engaging in some of that behavior was Levi doing that.
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that have to do with you.
Kelli Ottnat: See, I was
Kelli Ottnat: I was feeling pressure to leave so that he could help Levi. But then again, I was I was also like my, my intuition told me to to stay because I could see
Kelli Ottnat: I didn't want Scott to go down.
Kelli Ottnat: There, I could see Scott was tired and
Kelli Ottnat: And I felt like I needed to be around to make sure that he did stand firm on on protecting himself, but I don't know if he needs me to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So stand firm. Are you saying not use math. Again, I'm confused just helped me on that stand for
Gwenevere Abriel: What got it so
Gwenevere Abriel: They are taking care of Scott's recovery Scott's taking care of yours is that the basic agreement.
Kelli Ottnat: Pretty much.
Kelli Ottnat: Looking at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a simplified way. I know I don't mean to disrespect it. I know how how meaningful, that is he saved your life and
Gwenevere Abriel: I get that, but it puts us in a bind it means
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I doing for another what they can do for themselves. Am I enabling have I been enabled, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to do for me what I can now learn to do for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's where we grow into our, our strength in recovery. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't lose the gratitude of course you can be grateful. At some point someone has to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Address the hemorrhage, you know, we're bleeding out I've passed out. How am I supposed to hold myself, you know, it's like someone needs to kind of wrap that up and
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, we have a little bit. Oh, wow. Okay, so that's been addressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's done well. Then there's you making sure you take the antibiotics, making sure you go to physical therapy, making sure you get rest and eat nutrition. You just need a friend, a coach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Along sidelines needs a friend to coach on the sideline, no matter what this is. This is our journey we've got to walk it we've got to do the do the deal ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's got to do it. Otherwise, how does he say to himself. This is my recovery. Now, when you're gone. He's just got himself. What does that say about this strength in in recovery and his resilience. Do you see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's why in here. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Want people depending on me. I want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Scale as quickly as I can.
Kelli Ottnat: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Things and they're not mine. I learned them along the way. Please take them, share them with something quickly as you can teach them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Own it
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure it's yours modify it to make it your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just here just someone you bumped into you bumped into me once at one point you came back and we're bumping into each other again on this path.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this
Your journey.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can be grateful we say thank you. And then we let go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's you. You're the one that one small step in front of the other has to do this hard work.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you get your son back one agonizingly difficult step at a time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're starting to get a glimpse that it's just that it's just feeling these feelings and they're rich with regret and excitement and faith and love and fear and anger, it's right there all happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you have to do is meet it with faith and grace and just sit and it, guess what happens to it, it passes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then another one comes along, they don't last forever. We don't know that in the moment we think this feels so intense. How is this ever going to pass.
Kelli Ottnat: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does pass
It does.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Read you is a super short.
Call
Gwenevere Abriel: It really matches what we're talking about. See if you like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be a useful piece of imagery. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's called
Gwenevere Abriel: The guest house.
Kelli Ottnat: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This guest house this being human is a guesthouse
Gwenevere Abriel: Every morning, a new arrival
Gwenevere Abriel: A joy.
Gwenevere Abriel: A depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: A meanness
Gwenevere Abriel: Some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Welcome and entertain them all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if they're a crowd of sorrows who violently sweep your house empty of its furniture still
Gwenevere Abriel: Treat each guest honorably
Gwenevere Abriel: He may be clearing you out for some new delight.
Gwenevere Abriel: The dark thought the shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: The malice meet them at the door. Laughing
Gwenevere Abriel: And invite them in
Gwenevere Abriel: Be grateful for whoever comes because each has been sent as a guide from beyond
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty powerful
Gwenevere Abriel: Hit your mute button so I can hear you. I muted you along the way. I don't know how to do it and do it. So what do you think what What struck you the most about that.
Kelli Ottnat: It's
Kelli Ottnat: It's substance. It's truth.
Kelli Ottnat: Spiritually, of course.
Kelli Ottnat: I wish I would have
Kelli Ottnat: Known all this
Kelli Ottnat: From a child, you know, from
Kelli Ottnat: And I'm going to take it as it's not me, but
Kelli Ottnat: It's
Kelli Ottnat: It's good. It's beautiful.
Kelli Ottnat: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Would have been nice if we if we knew how to meet our feelings. It would have been nice. I wish, I wish you had someone, day after day, that was right there telling you
Gwenevere Abriel: How you feeling,
Gwenevere Abriel: And showed you how to be a with embarrassment and shame and what is an adult do with it and and
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish this this parent had apologized and had shown you humility and showing you. You don't have to go crazy that what you felt was real. I wish that was the case.
Gwenevere Abriel: Men that moments over and you're on to get to go play again and then angry and then. Oh, she took my toy. Now, how do I manage that and you are met with a parent that could say
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, right. That's a cool one. It's really fun. Sometimes you'll have it sometimes they'll break enjoy it for the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Toys. They come and they go
Gwenevere Abriel: Or use our things
Gwenevere Abriel: Enjoy them, but their transients can hold on too tight to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the relationship
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the important things
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where we put our investment.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the relationship. I wish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wish during your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I was
Gwenevere Abriel: taught you that all of your feelings are okay that being embarrassed that one story I've only got one.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the right one to have she humiliated, you
Gwenevere Abriel: For you to have met it like I'm not bad for that. This is a messed up my mom is stuff that was a misstep she did something that was in service to her instead of being a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: And teaching me something that was a misstep that was her ego that was meeting her need of looking big funny. I don't know what to her friends. That was a missed up huh
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish someone was there to have told you
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not you. That's just an emotion and it will pass
Gwenevere Abriel: The more you get to know these feelings, the more you're going to be able to do that for the children in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just know that if you feel like you're off course again.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why you're doing it so you can teach it right i mean i might be making this up. But I think about, well, why do I bother. Why does anybody bother we pass it along. We hope our next generation has this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That we didn't get
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: unmute yourself. One more time. Someone probably texted
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up.
Kelli Ottnat: I'm
Kelli Ottnat: Just thinking about what you said and
Kelli Ottnat: I
Kelli Ottnat: There's two things I want to say how I want to be able to give all this to Jude and I do have this this deep fear that
Kelli Ottnat: But I am learning to let that go.
Kelli Ottnat: Because I'm believing that God is putting the right people in his life, even though he lives with his grandparents that he's meeting just the right people.
Kelli Ottnat: But
Kelli Ottnat: I did have a. I mean, it used to be really strong that I wouldn't
Kelli Ottnat: Be strong enough to help
Kelli Ottnat: Pull him through
Kelli Ottnat: The sorrow that maybe he was going through
Kelli Ottnat: While I've been gone
Gwenevere Abriel: First
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have to meet that sorrow that just came up a moment ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll have to meet your own sorrow before you dare to me someone else's right
Gwenevere Abriel: This one, the one where your hand went to your chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, of course, part of it is
Gwenevere Abriel: You need it. Stop trying to control it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It happened. It hurts. How will I meet myself, how will I label myself, how will I judge myself. Wait, no, I don't. That's not my job to judge
Gwenevere Abriel: let that one go let someone else judge. I'm here to do the next right thing. That's all I've got.
Gwenevere Abriel: I either learned this lesson now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are we faced with it. Again, if you don't meet your sorrow, Paris, I haven't seen it yet where someone can purely an honestly and I see it in my profession, when they when therapists haven't met their own, how can they sit with someone else's
Gwenevere Abriel: How can I say to another. You've got the stuff
Gwenevere Abriel: If I don't even think I've got the stuff
Gwenevere Abriel: How dare I say that
Gwenevere Abriel: How dare I I'll give advice, maybe, you know, there's plenty of people little give give advice freely. But have they met their own sorrow, had they really sat with that ugly shadow side of the self, so that they can sit with someone else's
Gwenevere Abriel: Love them anyway, no judgment, just like Oh, Me too, me too. It's awful. Oh, me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do that that brave work in those moments of reflection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you will. You'll see in your son, his strength. You'll see it because you'll know it in you. You'll see it in his little cheeks and his and his sweetness and you will just your seal. Stay right there with them. You won't recoil and get small
Gwenevere Abriel: Will stay there with him. And then he'll see in you you believe it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll see it and then he'll know it in himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: It works just like that psychology offers me that explanation. It offers it beautifully.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right object relations. It just gives this beautiful this attachment theory we're little we're helpless. We have no sense of differentiation between the self and other and I have a loving other continue to reaffirm me, I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm okay. She says, I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm I am okay. I'm okay and then they go off and I live my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very oversimplified, I know.
Kelli Ottnat: But
Gwenevere Abriel: So important.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do that, but you're going to have to meet your own child that own sad broken hearted child inside of you with love.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unconditional love
Gwenevere Abriel: No If ands, or buts at absolute. There's nothing bad or wrong with your little girl inside nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: She stuck on some other self perception.
Gwenevere Abriel: After reflect something just complete acceptance of her broken hearted of her disappointment that she didn't get her needs that you have to sit with that grief.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sorrow. You don't have to do it alone. If you stick around long enough, if you want to do it with me. I'm right here. I'll go through it with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're still going to be the one walking that we're here for 60 minutes you got the hard part. You got to meet that little one every time she comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love her.
Kelli Ottnat: Part of part of the
Kelli Ottnat: Mess that it happened.
Kelli Ottnat: Last week during the last week.
Kelli Ottnat: Was
Kelli Ottnat: Scott and leave. I had met a girl and she was schizophrenia. And I thought about you a lot. I was like, Gosh, I wish I knew what you know what going new.
Kelli Ottnat: Try to help her.
Kelli Ottnat: She came and she stayed at our place on the couch for about two days.
Kelli Ottnat: And
Kelli Ottnat: She was talking to different people, different voices.
Kelli Ottnat: And that that was part of the time when I was, you know, I was asking myself, do I need to leave so that and I did, I, I went to work and just left Scott and Levi there.
Kelli Ottnat: With confidence that God
Kelli Ottnat: Would
Kelli Ottnat: Do whatever needs to be done, you know, for this girl so that she could. I was hurt because I felt I felt like you know she wouldn't respond to me shoe and answer any questions.
Kelli Ottnat: But I was thinking, what is she doing, you know, she she come from the streets. She had a little ferret with her and
Kelli Ottnat: She was kind of a mess. You know, just dirty and
Kelli Ottnat: I was like, how you know with all this going on in her head how
Kelli Ottnat: How is she going to be able to take care of herself and where she can go you know this. You need to stay here. Do I need to go.
Kelli Ottnat: She's at a shelter now.
Kelli Ottnat: But how is she going to be able to to get up and go to work and care for herself, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is going to be sarcastic. However, does she live without you, Kelly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look what that does to her.
The
Gwenevere Abriel: Schizophrenia is and some people don't really get this. It really is. It is an organic brain.
Kelli Ottnat: Disease, which means
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not because of a family system made this person crazy it is organic
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, don't work rationally. It doesn't mean we can't connect with them. It just means that we can't assume that being dirty down for them. What if what being what if being dirty means that it keeps evil spirits away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoops.
Gwenevere Abriel: I couldn't hear you but you see what I'm trying to get out the way when you're talking about a cognitive disorder like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your logic.
Gwenevere Abriel: As if it's right. You wanna were she's still human. Which means connection but she's probably acutely aware that very few people get
Gwenevere Abriel: What her way of viewing the world is even though we think that you were looking away a minute ago that being clean makes more sense. That doesn't mean that's what it means for her maybe being clean is a threat, maybe being dirty protects her from radiation.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't know what the ferret does what dirty what staying homeless does for her. That's where we meet that brain disorder. We don't come in with our preconceived notions of right and wrong, we can connect with people about
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me learn more about this is where that choose curiosity over being right thing is really convenient. It means that I can connect with someone who gets a frantic. I'm not going to apply my logic. I'm going to want to understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me tell you something. She's got a lot of resilience and she could I quickly live on my own on the street.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, but man, I don't know. I would not like that. But she's got a lot of stuff doesn't she, she knows what to do, how to capitalize on resources, how to how to move from shelter to shelter. How to do. She's managed to get this far, this long.
Gwenevere Abriel: See people strength not there deficiency. She's managed to adapt to a culture in a society that doesn't, it doesn't fit her way of viewing meaning and she's still alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: She probably self medicating with various you know marijuana or alcohol or something to try and medicate some some dissonance, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's organic. That's the main piece I want people to know it's it's not because of the crazy family system. And that's a fairly recent thing when I went to school, they still were teaching
Gwenevere Abriel: That it was family system.
Gwenevere Abriel: That cause it's not
Organic
Gwenevere Abriel: brain disease. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What help at all.
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: See her strength. What does she already. Do you know how does she live without Kelly Kelly's gonna help
Gwenevere Abriel: She'd asked you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I'm trying to say like
Gwenevere Abriel: We can say
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what are you already doing. You know what's next, what's up for you, you know, what are you looking forward to tomorrow. How do you enjoy the homelessness. Do you like this. Do you like that. Some people will come and tell you. I like it. I like the freedom
Kelli Ottnat: See, she wouldn't speak a word and
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah.
Kelli Ottnat: I was kind of sad to see her go because I was just kind of observing her and just doing what I normally do.
Kelli Ottnat: You know, at the house.
Kelli Ottnat: But I was also trying to
Kelli Ottnat: Kind of protect her sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you hang out with the ferret. Did you get to know her, her pet.
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did she seemed like
Kelli Ottnat: She didn't really
Gwenevere Abriel: In college,
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now how is for us, we come to the end of the hour. How is it relevant to this, this young
Gwenevere Abriel: Woman, tell me how it's all connected to your, your current struggle.
Kelli Ottnat: I'm just wondering if if I wasn't there with Scott if
Kelli Ottnat: Maybe he could help her out and
Gwenevere Abriel: He could channel his enabling into another woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead, he could, he could go help someone
Kelli Ottnat: Well, I mean, just
Kelli Ottnat: I was, I was a mess when I met him and
Kelli Ottnat: Him just being there.
Kelli Ottnat: Was good
Gwenevere Abriel: Kelly, but the tricky part. The part that nobody likes to look at if the recipe is that He's the hero, it means you've got to be the victim in the mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to grow.
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah, I do. I want to grow on with my with Jude. You know, I can't really say kids, but with yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's the tricky part. That's where this the solid roles of hero rescuer victim at it. That's where they get stuck. That's how it entered. That's how the relationship started but you want to, you want to opt out of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it's hard but
Gwenevere Abriel: He may not wanted to change. He may need you to stay a mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or he may turn into the victim and then put you in the rescuer or he may relapse so that you come back, and then you're the hero.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, but that's flip flopping both of them dysfunctional. Sorry, what they are. There's a way out. There's coach okay there's students. There's, I want to learn more. Don't do it for me. I want to do it myself. I want to learn. That's a different role than
Gwenevere Abriel: Just take care of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, there's a real difference
Gwenevere Abriel: I was thinking about you got over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wants to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or just keep doing what we're doing.
Kelli Ottnat: Keep doing what we're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any medication bridge to today, or you have it all the way to group.
Kelli Ottnat: I have it to group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spot I'm gone gone gone gone gone gone. What about
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you going on Fridays, or on Mondays and
Kelli Ottnat: Fridays.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, so we're meeting today. I don't think that's going to work out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see people in the same day as a group.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to show Monday.
Kelli Ottnat: I'll go to group on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your normal group is right right here at 12 o'clock today. Typically not. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that was my error. I don't. I've got clients I forget, I forget work people's groups are you guys to be you're all in one great big half the group. We're all you know it all gets moved in my head. So I'm sorry about that. So here's what I will do
Gwenevere Abriel: So that makes me think that maybe I should message. Dr. Solomon and say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: She's going to need need enough medicine to get her to to group. But before we commit to
Gwenevere Abriel: What you just said, what if we, what if you stuck with your group being
Gwenevere Abriel: You know 12 o'clock, that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we met at
Gwenevere Abriel: Two to
Gwenevere Abriel: On Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you just stick with your Friday group April 24
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the net next Monday. So it'd be a nice quick turnaround. I would see you quite quickly. You'd have Saturday, you'd have Sunday pass, and then I would see you on Monday. What would that be like
Kelli Ottnat: Okay. Good work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you can. I'd like to see if we can do some, some of the techniques.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you set the phone down and we can maybe, I don't know if it's going to be desensitization. I don't know what it's going to be. But, see if you can create that scenario, if not that's fine too.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's see what's possible. Alright, so here's what I have. I'm gonna let me do it. Now, before I forget, I forget. Let me send the doc, the message.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so to 10 just a few minutes after it'll give me time to just go grab some food. Sometimes I don't get to eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't carve out time for it even that 10 minutes can really make a difference. So she hasn't been around for 10 it to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you
Gwenevere Abriel: Get her in order to get
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Kelli Ottnat: Actually I have I have plenty of medicine for
Gwenevere Abriel: All you do for a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did that happen.
Kelli Ottnat: That's still from the doctor.
Kelli Ottnat: In Louisiana.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm just gonna I'll take that part out. I'll just say it is in here. She has
Gwenevere Abriel: Her next
Kelli Ottnat: insurance going to cover
Kelli Ottnat: So I'm not gonna go to group today.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do. Here's what I would like. I will tell you, I want to introduce I'd like you to be there. I just, I won't
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't bill for it and I'll tell the doctor, not to build either. So what I'd like you to do is be there because I'd like you to hear because I'm going over something today that I'd like you to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: But I he and I just want bill for
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't happen very often but
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is a mistake I made a mistake and I booked to on a day that normally you would have group.
Gwenevere Abriel: That message just now so
Gwenevere Abriel: I just gotta remember no tough.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're as far as writing anything down, it'll be 210 next Monday. And again, if you can have a setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you have your phone plunk down somewhere. And if we get to it. I don't know that we would get to it, but eventually be nice to have.
Gwenevere Abriel: The option to do some em, Dr. I will get to that are not Kelly. Do you think you're gonna you think you're going to stay a month. Are you going to leave. How long do you think you're going to say. You really don't know.
Kelli Ottnat: I'll probably stick. I'm going to stick around as long as
Kelli Ottnat: As long as I'm not told to leave.
Kelli Ottnat: There's yeah I'm going to stick around. There's no way that I can just go down to Louisiana and get Jude right away. I just don't have the resources to do that right now. So I am going to stick around for a little while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would anybody ask you believe what would that wherever that come from.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who
Kelli Ottnat: I guess I'm just afraid to be in the way and
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah, it's all
Gwenevere Abriel: The way you talk more about that because that might be
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be your imagination, possibly
Gwenevere Abriel: Might not real. I don't know, let's let's find out more about where you're getting your information on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe that's not coming from directly from anyone. Maybe you're picking up on signs. Maybe the signs aren't really there maybe maybe something else is going on in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep talking. I get to see on Monday today to
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait it so that was my timing. If the group is at 12 is that in an hour.
Kelli Ottnat: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you in an hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.
All right.